README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
![Code Time](http://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Time-146%20hrs%2047%20mins-blue)

![Profile Views](http://img.shields.io/badge/Profile%20Views-9-blue)

**I'm a Night 🦉** 

```text
🌞 Morning                0 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.00 % 
🌆 Daytime                9 commits           ████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   31.03 % 
🌃 Evening                20 commits          █████████████████░░░░░░░░   68.97 % 
🌙 Night                  0 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.00 % 
```


📊 **This Week I Spent My Time On** 

```text
💬 Programming Languages: 
C++                      12 hrs 36 mins      ████████████████████████░   97.51 % 
CMake                    18 mins             █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.37 % 
JSON                     0 secs              ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.13 % 

🔥 Editors: 
VS Code                  12 hrs 55 mins      █████████████████████████   100.00 % 

💻 Operating System: 
Mac                      12 hrs 55 mins      █████████████████████████   100.00 % 
```

**I Mostly Code in C++** 

```text
C++                      1 repo              ████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░   50.00 % 
Python                   1 repo              ████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░   50.00 % 
```




 Last Updated on 03/01/2026 18:51:42 UTC
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->


<!--
**kitaritsu/kitaritsu** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with project information
Added project details about a 3D game inspired by LIES OF P and NIER: REPLICANT/AUTOMATA.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋
# Right now I am making 3D game inspired mainly by LIES OF P, NIER: REPLICANT/AUTOMATA.
# It will be for MacOs (Intel for sure, with M chips future will tell) and Windows

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
![Code Time](http://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Time-146%20hrs%2047%20mins-blue)

![Profile Views](http://img.shields.io/badge/Profile%20Views-9-blue)

**I'm a Night 🦉** 

```text
🌞 Morning                0 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.00 % 
🌆 Daytime                9 commits           ████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   31.03 % 
🌃 Evening                20 commits          █████████████████░░░░░░░░   68.97 % 
🌙 Night                  0 commits           ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.00 % 
```


📊 **This Week I Spent My Time On** 

```text
💬 Programming Languages: 
C++                      12 hrs 36 mins      ████████████████████████░   97.51 % 
CMake                    18 mins             █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.37 % 
JSON                     0 secs              ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.13 % 

🔥 Editors: 
VS Code                  12 hrs 55 mins      █████████████████████████   100.00 % 

💻 Operating System: 
Mac                      12 hrs 55 mins      █████████████████████████   100.00 % 
```

**I Mostly Code in C++** 

```text
C++                      1 repo              ████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░   50.00 % 
Python                   1 repo              ████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░   50.00 % 
```




 Last Updated on 03/01/2026 18:51:42 UTC
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->


<!--
**kitaritsu/kitaritsu** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
